W-18622249-prerequisite-MuleLicense-49-dm (#3064)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/installing-an-enterprise-license.adoc

.. Delete the existing `muleLicenseKey.lic` file.
. If you are installing your license on multiple platforms, back up your new `license.lic` file in another location before proceeding.
. Make sure that the Mule Server is *stopped (not running)* and then open the terminal or command line on your system.
. Set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable before running the `mule -installLicense` command.
+
.. On *Mac/Unix/Linux*, if `JAVA_HOME` isn't detected automatically, set it to avoid any issues.

> .. On *Windows*, this step is required. If `JAVA_HOME` isn't set, the license installation fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. On *Windows*, if `JAVA_HOME` isn't set, the license installation fails.
```

. Run the license installation command:
+
.. On *Mac/Unix/Linux*, from the `$MULE_HOME/bin` directory, run `mule -installLicense ~/license.lic`.

> .. On *Windows*, copy the `license.lic` file into the `\bin` folder, then run `mule.bat -installLicense license.lic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. On *Windows*, copy the `license.lic` file to the `\bin` folder, and then run `mule.bat -installLicense license.lic` from the command line.
```
